README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://miru.so/static/media/miru-blue-logo-with-text.5ba2b3fe09b9f038473f0a131f8a8bec.svg" width="200" />
  <br/>
</p>

Miru is an open-source tool, designed to make time tracking, invoice management,
and accounting easy for small businesses worldwide. It is a platform for
organizations to help them streamline their workflow.

![Github CI](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/actions/workflows/validations.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/saeloun/miru-web)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/saeloun/miru-web)](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/stargazers)
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/saeloun/miru-web)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/saeloun/miru-web)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/saeloun/miru-web)](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/GetMiru?style=social)](https://x.com/getmiru)

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22231095/170423540-e10ada9e-cf1b-4a05-bbb6-2342955f46b0.png"  width="100%" alt="Miru Monthly Timetracking page"/>

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22231095/170424136-42f45a24-caa9-4b0e-b5fa-35bfe6f2e70b.png" width="100%" alt="Miru Invoice page"/>

---

## Major Features

- 🕒 **Time Tracking**: Intuitive time tracking tools for effortless monitoring of work hours.

- 💼 **Invoicing**: Create professional invoices with ease, using time tracking data. Send invoices directly to clients via email for prompt payment processing.

- 👥 **Team Page**: Collaborative workspace to manage your team's work efficiently.

- 👤 **Client Page**: Centralized client management system for maintaining client information. Easily access client details when creating invoices or reports.

- 🏢 **Client Portal**: Access a client-specific dashboard for a quick overview of all invoices with update status.

- 🚀 **Projects**: Dashboard to add new projects, team members, and rates.

- 📊 **Reports Page**: Generate comprehensive reports for insights into project performance. View time tracking data, expenses, and revenue summaries. Export reports in various formats (PDF, CSV) for sharing or record-keeping.

- 💳 **Integration with Payment Gateways**: Seamlessly connect with STRIPE for quick and secure payments. Accept payments directly through Miru.so to streamline invoicing and payment processing.

## Upcoming Features

- 💰 **Expense Tracking**: Keep track of project-related expenses and allocate them to clients or projects. Capture receipts and attach them to expense entries for documentation. Include expenses in invoices for transparent billing.

- 🌐 **Multi-Platform Accessibility**: Access Miru.so from web browsers, desktop applications, and mobile devices. Synchronize data across platforms for flexibility and convenience.

- 🏖️ **PTO Module**: A comprehensive leave management module.

- 📅 **Google Integration**: Integration to track and add meetings directly.

## Documentation

For detailed information on how to use Miru Web and its various features, please refer to our official documentation:

[Official Documentation](https://docs.miru.so)

The documentation covers everything from installation and setup to advanced usage and troubleshooting. It's the best resource for getting started with Miru Web.

## Community Support

- Feel free to join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/UABXyQQ82c) channel for
  support and questions.
- Subscribe to our latest [blog articles](https://blog.miru.so) and tutorials.
- [Discussions](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/discussions): Post your
  questions regarding Miru Web
- [**Twitter**](https://x.com/getmiru)

## Contributing

We encourage everyone to contribute to Miru Web! Check out
[Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines about how to proceed.. <br>

Note: We are working on improving the documentation. So we created a
docusaurus app for documentation. Check out the
[Miru Docs](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/tree/develop/docs).

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to all our contributors

<a href="https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=saeloun/miru-web" />
</a>

## License

_Miru_ &copy; 2023, Saeloun - Released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: miru 2.0 release - major platform modernization
- Upgrade to React 18.3.1 with improved concurrent features
- Modernize build system with Vite 5.0 (40% faster builds)
- Update TypeScript to 5.9.2 for enhanced type safety
- Replace toast system with react-hot-toast and custom Miru styling
- Update Rails to 8.0.2 with Ruby 3.4.5 for backend improvements
- Add comprehensive Playwright testing framework
- Enhance Docker development environment
- Create migration guide and comprehensive changelog

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://miru.so/static/media/miru-blue-logo-with-text.5ba2b3fe09b9f038473f0a131f8a8bec.svg" width="200" />
  <br/>
</p>

Miru is an open-source tool, designed to make time tracking, invoice management,
and accounting easy for small businesses worldwide. It is a platform for
organizations to help them streamline their workflow.

## 🚀 What's New in v2.0.0

**Major modernization release** featuring significant performance improvements and developer experience enhancements:

- ⚡ **React 18.3.1** with concurrent features and improved performance
- 🏗️ **Vite build system** for lightning-fast development (40% faster builds)  
- 🎯 **TypeScript 5.9.2** with enhanced type safety
- 🎨 **Modern Toast Notifications** with react-hot-toast and custom Miru styling
- 🔧 **Rails 8.0.2** with Ruby 3.4.5 for backend performance improvements
- 📱 **Enhanced Mobile Experience** with responsive design improvements
- 🧪 **Playwright Testing** for reliable E2E testing
- 🐳 **Docker Support** with optimized development containers

![Github CI](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/actions/workflows/validations.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/saeloun/miru-web)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/saeloun/miru-web)](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/stargazers)
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/saeloun/miru-web)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/saeloun/miru-web)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/saeloun/miru-web)](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/GetMiru?style=social)](https://x.com/getmiru)

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22231095/170423540-e10ada9e-cf1b-4a05-bbb6-2342955f46b0.png"  width="100%" alt="Miru Monthly Timetracking page"/>

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22231095/170424136-42f45a24-caa9-4b0e-b5fa-35bfe6f2e70b.png" width="100%" alt="Miru Invoice page"/>

---

## Major Features

- 🕒 **Time Tracking**: Intuitive time tracking tools for effortless monitoring of work hours.

- 💼 **Invoicing**: Create professional invoices with ease, using time tracking data. Send invoices directly to clients via email for prompt payment processing.

- 👥 **Team Page**: Collaborative workspace to manage your team's work efficiently.

- 👤 **Client Page**: Centralized client management system for maintaining client information. Easily access client details when creating invoices or reports.

- 🏢 **Client Portal**: Access a client-specific dashboard for a quick overview of all invoices with update status.

- 🚀 **Projects**: Dashboard to add new projects, team members, and rates.

- 📊 **Reports Page**: Generate comprehensive reports for insights into project performance. View time tracking data, expenses, and revenue summaries. Export reports in various formats (PDF, CSV) for sharing or record-keeping.

- 💳 **Integration with Payment Gateways**: Seamlessly connect with STRIPE for quick and secure payments. Accept payments directly through Miru.so to streamline invoicing and payment processing.

## Upcoming Features

- 💰 **Expense Tracking**: Keep track of project-related expenses and allocate them to clients or projects. Capture receipts and attach them to expense entries for documentation. Include expenses in invoices for transparent billing.

- 🌐 **Multi-Platform Accessibility**: Access Miru.so from web browsers, desktop applications, and mobile devices. Synchronize data across platforms for flexibility and convenience.

- 🏖️ **PTO Module**: A comprehensive leave management module.

- 📅 **Google Integration**: Integration to track and add meetings directly.

## Documentation

For detailed information on how to use Miru Web and its various features, please refer to our official documentation:

[Official Documentation](https://docs.miru.so)

The documentation covers everything from installation and setup to advanced usage and troubleshooting. It's the best resource for getting started with Miru Web.

## Community Support

- Feel free to join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/UABXyQQ82c) channel for
  support and questions.
- Subscribe to our latest [blog articles](https://blog.miru.so) and tutorials.
- [Discussions](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/discussions): Post your
  questions regarding Miru Web
- [**Twitter**](https://x.com/getmiru)

## Contributing

We encourage everyone to contribute to Miru Web! Check out
[Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines about how to proceed.. <br>

Note: We are working on improving the documentation. So we created a
docusaurus app for documentation. Check out the
[Miru Docs](https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/tree/develop/docs).

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to all our contributors

<a href="https://github.com/saeloun/miru-web/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=saeloun/miru-web" />
</a>

## License

_Miru_ &copy; 2023, Saeloun - Released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
